[Go]:#2037 Completing structs concept exercise (#2121)
exercism/v3: languages/go/exercises/concept/structs/.docs/introduction.md

In Go, a `struct` is a sequence of named elements called _fields_, each field having a name and type. The name of a field must be unique within the struct. `Structs` can be compared with the _class_ in the Object Oriented Programming paradigm.

> You create a new struct by using the `struct` keyword, a **_built-in type_**, and explicty define the name and type of the field as shown un the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You create a new struct by using the `struct` keyword, a **_built-in type_**, and explicty define the name and type of the fields as shown in the example below.
```

```go
type StructName struct{
    field1 fieldType1
    field2 fieldType2
}
```

> Struct fields are accessed using a `.` notation.

Reviewer: maybe add a one-line example to this?

```go
someStruct.someField = "someValue"
```
